Clarified startsWith behavior on $search (#15992)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/search-query-parameter.md

⁽¹⁾ Currently, tokenization only works when the casing is changing from lowercase to uppercase, so `HELLOworld` is considered a single token: `helloworld`, and `HelloWORld` is two tokens: `hello`, `world`. 
⁽²⁾ Tokenization logic also combines words that are separated only by symbols; for example, searching for `helloworld` will find `hello-world` and `hello.world`.

> [!NOTE]
> - After tokenization, the tokens are matched independently of the original casing, and they are matched in any order. For example, displayName `李四(David Li)` will match search strings such as `李四(David Li)`, `李四`, `David`, `Li`, `David)`, `(李四`, `Li 李`.
> - The tokenized search support works only on the **displayName** and **description** fields. Any field of String type can be put in `$search`; fields other than **displayName** and **description** default to `$filter` `startswith` behavior.

For example:  

> `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/groups/?$search="displayName:OneVideo OR mail:onevideo"`  

Reviewer: Suggestion to change this query format to use the Try It experience. That way, **consistencyLevel** can also be explicitly defined to help customers avoid false fails when they try the query.

Author: added `msgraph-interactive` tag

This looks for all groups with display names that has `one` and `video` tokens, or mail starting with `onevideo`.  

`$search` can be used together with `$filter` as well:  

> `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/groups/?$filter=mailEnabled eq true&$search="displayName:OneVideo"`  

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

Author: added `msgraph-interactive` tag

This looks for all mail-enabled groups with display names that look like "OneVideo".
The results are restricted based on a logical conjunction (an "AND") of the `$filter` and the entire query in the `$search`.

The syntax of search follows these rules:

* Generic format: $search="clause1" \[AND \| OR\] "\[clauseX\]"\.
* Any number of clauses is supported. Parentheses for precedence is also supported.
* The syntax for each clause is: "\<property>:\<text to search>".
* The property name must be specified in the clause. Any property that can be used in `$filter` can also be used inside `$search`. Depending on the property, the search behavior is either "search" or "startsWith" if search is not supported on the property.

> * The whole clause must be declared inside double quotes. If it contains double quotes or backslash, it should be escaped with a backslash. All the other special characters must be urlEncoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The whole clause must be declared inside double quotes. If it contains double quotes or backslash, it should be escaped with a backslash. All the other special characters must be URL encoded.
```
